Now, on with this week's story... The last month has been hectic. Turbo charged. Lot's of work because I was learning from Tim, my partner in crime. This hasn't been helped by the intense pressure in town due to the political transition coming to an end. This week things started alright and on schedule. But I managed to get myself arrested by the traffic police (rouleage) early last Wednesday. After yelling excessively at their outright corrupted methods and asking incessently for what law I actually broke, they managed to bring me in at the police HQ. I was drawing too much of a curious crowd for the authorities. In about half an hour at police HQ I had charmed every one around. I had prepared my "gift" as they wished. Decision witheld, they decided that I needn't to bother, they liked me too much. I should go free. I even managed to meet famous Raus, the big chief. He was too happy to let me go when he realized I was no one. But then, a Major at his side noticed my Visa was expired. Damn! My current Visa is being renewed in my other passport at Immigration's. F***. In custody, for real. The best part at this moment in time: I didn't have ma phone. No contact with the exterior. So they decided I should write a letter to who ever was taking care of my Visa. A policeman turned mailman was sent off on foot. An hour later, things started sorting out, worried people started to find out where I was. Now an experienced suspect, I had yielded off attempts by several (but not most) policemen of all sorts to bribe my way out. Everyone was nice to me, albeit you can't really trust anyone's intentions using the following algorithm: Authority + Tiny Wage = Desperate Measures\xc2_. It's now noon and my primary activity is killing mosquitoes flying by sitting on white plastic chair in Major's office. And wondering why Major's computer, the only one in the station I saw, was neither plugged to the wall or to the screen. The little attention he gave to me was reminders not to wear my cap in his presence. Back in the principal's office. Unfortunately, by the afternoon, I was still an illegal alien until proven otherwise. Solution arrived at around 4pm: someone backshished my escape. Cost: 250$. I was proven innoncent. You know who you are, so thanks a bunch for keeping out for me. With my newly claimed innocence, I had my share of farewells with about a dozen officers. That sure put an end to my Turbo Speed. At the other end, Major, I know you'll have a fantastic week end. Enjoy it, it's your first democratic one.