On leaving the warmth of my car it seemed a very wise idea to have put on my (very manly) tights for this event. It was just over freezing and the marshals told me that the route was very icy. I also had a long sleeved top under my club vest, gloves and ridiculous looking ear-warmer band-thing. Other runners had different ideas, ranging from shorts and vest to coats and woolly hats. About half the field were in that hideous lurid day-glo colour of Yeovil Town Road Running Club, and most of the others had one or more items of a similar colour (presumably in homage to the host club). I was resplendent in silver Maiden Newton Runners Vest (Anne## says it's grey), coordinated with blue and orange top, red and black tights and yellow and blue shoes. I'm lucky to have a 'capsular' wardrobe. John### and Jane## eschewed Maiden Newton colours in favour of some other club with far more gaudy vests. They seemed very keen, starting their warm up 40 minutes before the start - until I spoilt their fun by telling them that the race started at 11, not 10.30 as they had presumed! Nevertheless, John### had to make last-minute adjustments to his laces which made him the last runner to the start. John### was off like a rocket at the start, and I did not try to keep up. A few minutes in I was at the back of a fairly large 'pack' and was opening up quite a gap on the group behind. 20 Minutes in, Jake# caught up and overtook me.(of the famous running combo 'Jake#, Carol, and sometimes their dog' - sorry guys can't remember your surname) He was looking strong, but I managed to wear him out with the occasional 'witty' comment and was pleased to see that he could no longer endure my company and started walking when we got to the hill. The hill was challenging - I thought it was 'slippy' but was corrected by a runner from Frome, who corrected my bad grammar and told me that it is 'slippery'. Unfortunately the know-it-all failed to slip over and charged past into the distance - must have had a very strong finish as he was out of sight within a few minutes. Hope he's not reading this, or my punctuation will no doubt be found wanting ;-) I overtook Jake#, put a bit of distance between us by throwing myself down the other side of the hill, and just managed to stay ahead of him to the finish. I think he may have slowed down to wait for Carol (who was in front anyway, I think), but whatever the excuse it was nice to finish ahead of someone who normally beats me. Marvellous Michael normally finishes just ahead of me, but today he was well ahead, seems to be on good form. Martin Chaffey and I often find ourselves battling around the middle of this sort of run but he had his hands full (literally) with family responsibilities and was not running. It was a great route - fast and flat out, then to mud / ice, then up and down a hill and back. A gigantic medallion and warm soup to all finishers, and I made good use of the showers and changing rooms. All very civilised. I recommend the race, and look forward to having a go again next year. Time? About an hour and 4 minutes.