I've recently had the bright idea that I should buy a pair of shears and just cut the boys? hair myself. Mostly to save some money and also because 90% of the time when G gets a hair cut, it looks pretty bad anyway. The Hen has not yet had his first haircut. But his little wispy strands are covering his eyes and the little mullet in the back isn?t doing him any favors. He's basically a ticking (hair) bomb.  So en route to Costco today, I stopped at the beauty supply store to pick up some shears. I guess I was a little surprised by the fact that they cost $70. Swedish technology and lifetime guarantee notwithstanding. I was hemming and hawing about buying them, but being new to town, I didn't know where else to go, and the time spent researching the matter and gas for driving elsewhere, probably would negate the savings. Or so I told myself.  It was nap-time for the babe and G was playing downstairs with some lentils and Bob the Builder toys. Because that's what all the cool kids are doing these days. 'Can I cut your hair?' I asked him. Before he could reject my request, I proposed a deal: 'I'll let you have two popsicles if you let me cut your hair.'  Well he wasn't going to decline two frozen treats. I combed and started cutting. I didn't dare wet his hair, because that always ends in tears. So I cut it dry.  The last stylist gave him some sort of weird, across the ears type of hair cut, closely resembling a bowl cut. So I decided to start by the ears and see if I could shape the hair more. Or something.  I'm guessing dry hair is harder to cut than wet hair? I really don't know, but I was having a hard time cutting all of the hair with one motion. I finished the (first) cut anyway, despite the resistance..until my son started crying...and I realized I was having a hard time, because I was cutting his ear.  With my brand-new, super-sharp, lifetime guaranteed expensive scissors.  I?m not sure which was worse - knowing that I'd just maimed my boy, or knowing that I'd somehow have to convince him to let me finish cutting his hair. A bowl cut is one thing, but a random chunk of hair missing around the ear - on one side.  One bath, two band-aids with neosporin and three popsicles (total!) later...his hair..looks good from far away, if I'm not wearing my glasses.  As J helpfully pointed out, we're not really saving money if we have to take him to the hospital to stitch up his ear.