A bride who was the daughter of a narrator who owned a house and a maid of honor went back to a salon.  

The narrator went back to the salon.  

The narrator photographed the bride and the maid of honor and noticed that the bride and the maid of honor was gorgeous.  

The narrator returned to the house.  

The husband of the narrator and the narrator packed a bag, a wedding gown, some crinoline and some water into a car.  

The husband of the narrator and the narrator departed toward a hotel.  

The husband of the narrator and the narrator decided to allow a valet to park the car in order to use the front door of the hotel.  

A cart began to be overflowing, and the husband of the narrator and the narrator loaded the cart with the bag, the wedding gown, the crinoline and the water.  

The husband of the narrator and the narrator dragged the wedding gown because the cart was overflowing.  

The husband of the narrator and the narrator repeatedly bumped the cart.  

The husband of the narrator and the narrator arrived at a lavish suite.  

The cart stopped being overflowing, and the husband of the narrator and the narrator settled in the suite.  

The husband of the narrator and the narrator shortly received a group of flowers and received a corsage and some boutonniere.  

A group of bridesmaids and the bride arrived and began to be hungry, and the ex-husband of the narrator arrived.  

The group of bridesmaids and the bride snacked on a group of snacks and stopped being hungry.  

A photographer arrived.  

The group of bridesmaids and the bride dressed.  

The photographer photographed the group of bridesmaids and the bride.  

The group of bridesmaids, the narrator and the bride boarded a bus, and the photographer left.  

The group of bridesmaids, the narrator and the bride arrived at a hall.  

A violinist played some violin, and a group of wedding guests waited.  

The group of bridesmaids, the narrator and the bride preened.  

The fiancee of the maid of honor escorted the husband of the narrator and the narrator.  

A groom waited nervously, and a group of groomsmans assembled.  

The group of bridesmaids assembled.  

The bride arrived happily, and the groom smiled.  

The bride married the groom.  

The narrator began to be happy.  

The photographer photographed the narrator.  

The husband of the narrator and the narrator returned to the hotel.  

The husband of the narrator and the narrator ate.  

The group of bridesmaids and the bride returned on the bus.  

The group of bridesmaids, the narrator and the bride preened.  

The group of bridesmaids, the narrator and the bride greeted the group of wedding guests.  

The husband of the narrator and the narrator entered the hall.  

The maid of honor rode a best man into the hall.  

The groom and the bride danced.  

The group of wedding guests ate.  

The best man spoke, and the maid of honor spoke.  

The group of wedding guests danced.  

