A narrator long ago wanted to go back to a town in order to find a gravestone and wanted to go back to a courthouse.  

The narrator requested a hero to escort her.  

The hero considered escorting the narrator.  

The hero consented.  

The hero and the narrator disembarked.  

The hero and the narrator visited an aunt of the narrator in order to find the place of the gravestone.  

The aunt of the narrator said that a cousin of the narrator had talked to the aunt of the narrator.  

The narrator asked the hero the hero and the narrator to see the cousin of the narrator.  

The hero consented.  

The hero and the narrator called the cousin of the narrator.  

The cousin of the narrator said that she was available.  

The cousin of the narrator and the husband of the cousin of the narrator arrived and talked to the narrator.  

The hero suggested that the hero and the narrator went back to the courthouse.  

The hero invited the cousin of the narrator and the husband of the cousin of the narrator.  

The cousin of the narrator, the husband of the cousin of the narrator, the hero and the narrator went back to the courthouse.  

An attendant had a document.  

An attendant gave the document to the narrator and gave it to the cousin of the narrator.  

The cousin of the narrator, the husband of the cousin of the narrator, the hero and the narrator went back to a funeral home.  

A second attendant gave a map to the cousin of the narrator, the husband of the cousin of the narrator, the hero and the narrator.  

The cousin of the narrator, the husband of the cousin of the narrator, the hero and the narrator found the gravestone.  

The narrator later explored a site.  

The narrator watched a video recording.  

A teacher taught to the narrator how to use some utility.  

The narrator decided to use the utility in order to find the family of the narrator.  

The narrator called a second cousin of the narrator in order to tell it that she had decided to use the utility.  

A second cousin of the narrator supported the narrator.  

The narrator created a page, and the page began to be open.  

The family of the narrator joined the page.  

