A girl found a wasp on a window of a farm.  

The girl loudly called the daddy of the girl in order for the daddy of the girl to remove the wasp.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and a narrator found a large jar.  

The wasp began to be in the jar, and the girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator covered the wasp with the jar.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator covered the jar with a piece of paper.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator removed the jar and the piece of paper away from the window of the farm.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator took the jar to a step in order to free the wasp.  

The wasp clung to the jar.  

The girl tapped the jar.  

The wasp flew and stopped being in the jar.  

The girl instructed the daddy of the girl and the narrator how to free the wasp.  

The wasp flew into the sky, and the girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator watched the wasp.  

The daddy of the girl dropped the jar onto the step.  

The jar shattered and began to be broken.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator carefully picked up a group of fragments of the jar.  

The narrator moved some grass and revealed a frog.  

The girl began to be ecstatic and asked the daddy of the girl to keep the frog.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator tried to find a container.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator found a plastic container.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator drilled the lid of the container in order for the frog to breathe.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator filled the container with some second grass, some rock and some water.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator moved the frog into the container.  

The frog jumped out of the container.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator caught the frog.  

The daddy of the girl and the narrator moved the frog into the container.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator closed the container.  

The girl asked the daddy of the girl and the narrator to catch a group of frogs who owned some eggs.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator found a group of frogs.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator moved the group of frogs into the container.  

The girl asked the daddy of the girl to find a second group of frogs.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator tried to find a second group of frogs.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator didn't find a second group of frogs.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator went back to a dam in order to find a second group of frogs.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator hunted around the dam.  

The daddy of the girl and the narrator found the eggs.  

The girl didn't think to keep the eggs.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator returned to a house.  

The rock crushed the first frog.  

The girl, the daddy of the girl and the narrator removed the first frog.  

The girl said that she later tomorrow freed the group of frogs.  

The girl requested the daddy of the girl to free the group of frogs at the house.  

The narrator agreed.  

