A son of a narrator who owned some home, a son of the narrator, the partner of the narrator and the narrator went back to a hill in order to sled.  

The son of the narrator enjoied sleding.  

The son of the narrator enjoied sleding and thought that a group of snowballs was more enjoyable than a sled.  

The son of the narrator taught the son of the narrator how to eat some snow.  

The son of the narrator and the son of the narrator playfully attacked the partner of the narrator.  

The son of the narrator tired of the sled.  

The son of the narrator and the partner of the narrator mounted the sled.  

The son of the narrator pushed the son of the narrator and the partner of the narrator towards the floor of the hill.  

The partner of the narrator brought the son of the narrator toward the narrator.  

The narrator asked the son of the narrator whether had enjoied sleding.  

The son of the narrator smilingly denied the narrator.  

The narrator asked the son of the narrator whether later again wanted to sled.  

The son of the narrator denied the narrator.  

The partner of the narrator dropped the sled.  

The son of the narrator mounted the sled in order to sled.  

The son of the narrator, the son of the narrator, the partner of the narrator and the narrator wanted to return to the home.  

The partner of the narrator demanded the narrator to sled.  

The narrator mounted the sled.  

The son of the narrator pushed the narrator.  

The narrator grabbed the son of the narrator.  

The son of the narrator and the narrator descended the hill, and the son of the narrator laughed.  

The son of the narrator didn't want to climb the hill.  

The narrator carried the son of the narrator.  

The son of the narrator, the son of the narrator, the partner of the narrator and the narrator returned to the home.  

The son of the narrator, the son of the narrator, the partner of the narrator and the narrator removed a group of boots, a group of coats and a group of hats.  

The partner of the narrator photographed the group of boots.  

