A narrator and the sister of the narrator entered an elevator with a little girl and a second little girl.  

The narrator noticed that the first little girl and the second little girl had been playing in the elevator, and had pressed every button of the elevator.  

The elevator descended.  

The narrator and the sister of the narrator departed the elevator.  

The narrator said that the elevator had been somewhat faulty and said that -- if a someone were to press every button of the elevator -- it would begin to be possible for a someone to begin to be stuck in the elevator.  

The first little girl and the second little girl surprisedly stared toward the narrator.  

The narrator and the sister of the narrator departed the first little girl and the second little girl.  

The narrator and the sister of the narrator laughed, and the first little girl and the second little girl laughed.  

The sister of the narrator told the dad of the narrator that the narrator is a scary Scary lady because she had said that -- if a someone were to press every button of the elevator -- it would begin to be possible for a someone to begin to be stuck in the elevator.  

The dad of the narrator laughed.  

The dad of the narrator incredulously asked whether the first little girl and the second little girl had been playing in the elevator, and had pressed every button of the elevator.  

The narrator saw that the second little girl was pushing a cart, and the first little girl was riding the cart.  

The narrator passed the first little girl and the second little girl.  

The narrator showered.  

The narrator approached the first little girl and the second little girl.  

The narrator said that the cart is somewhat rickety and said that -- if the first little girl and the second little girl were to play on the cart -- it would begin to be possible for the cart to begin to be broken, and for the first little girl and the second little girl to begin to be hurt.  

The first little girl and the second little girl dismounted the cart.  

The narrator entered the elevator.  

The narrator laughed because she was a Scary lady.  

